ENH: make first login process more clear in the readme.md (#65)
YunoHost-Apps/friendica_ynh: README.md

		https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/friendica_ynh

### First Login

> as explain in the [issue #43](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/friendica_ynh/issues/43), 

Reviewer: Do we need to refer to this issue or the steps in the readme are clear enough?

Author: why not ?

but if not, no trouble on my side, it was just for traceability

Reviewer: @isAAAc I have no problem with mentioning the issue and I can revert the change if you think it's better to understand the context. My point was that your explanation summarize the issue clearly enough for not having to go thought the issue itself.

you need to **create a user** in the login page after the installation:
- **same login** as the 'user admin' login choosed during the installation
- check your mails: you'll have the **password** for this login

> - log in with **mail adress** and sended password by mail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- log in with **mail adress** and passport send by mail
```

- you'll log in with admin rights
- feel free to change your password
 
#### For normal YunoHost users (non-admin):

> Normal LDAP users can login through Ldap authentication and create there profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normal LDAP users can login through LDAP authentication and create there profiles.
```
